added oidc credential forwarding not enabled notification (#391)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/notifications/all-notifications.adoc

m|WARNING
|===

[#_neo_clientnotification_security_oidccredentialforwardingnotenabled]
=== OIDC credential forwarding is not enabled

.Notification details
[cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Neo4j  code
m|Neo.ClientNotification.Security.OidcCredentialForwardingNotEnabled
|Title
a|OIDC credential forwarding is not enabled.
|Description
a|Use setting 'dbms.security.allow_oidc_credential_forwarding_enabled' to enable OIDC credential forwarding.
|Category
m|SECURITY
|GQLSTATUS code
m|01N74
|Status description
|warn: OIDC credential forwarding disabled.
Use the setting `dbms.security.allow_oidc_credential_forwarding_enabled` to enable OIDC credential forwarding.
|Classification
m|SECURITY
|SeverityLevel
m|WARNING
|===

.Create a remote database alias with remote credentials set to OIDC credential forwarding when OIDC credential forwarding is not enabled.
[.tabbed-example]
=====
[.include-with-GQLSTATUS-code]
======
Command::
+
[source, cypher]
----

> CREATE ALIAS `remote-neo4j` FOR DATABASE `neo4j` AT "neo4j+s://location:7687" OIDC CREDENTIAL FORWARDING

Reviewer: The `remote-neo4j` needs to be backticked because of the `-`. And it is kind of good practice to always backtick the names 🤷

> CREATE ALIAS `remote-neo4j` FOR DATABASE `neo4j` AT "neo4j+s://location:7687" OIDC CREDENTIAL FORWARDING

Reviewer 2: > The `remote-neo4j` needs to be backticked because of the `-`. And it is kind of good practice to always backtick the names 🤷

Good to know. Thank you.

.Notification details
[cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Neo4j  code
m|Neo.ClientNotification.Security.OidcCredentialForwardingNotEnabled
|Title
a|OIDC credential forwarding is not enabled.
|Description
a|Use setting 'dbms.security.allow_oidc_credential_forwarding_enabled' to enable OIDC credential forwarding.
|Category
m|SECURITY
|GQLSTATUS code
m|01N74
|Status description
|warn: OIDC credential forwarding disabled.
Use the setting `dbms.security.allow_oidc_credential_forwarding_enabled` to enable OIDC credential forwarding.
|Classification
m|SECURITY
|SeverityLevel
m|WARNING
|===

.Create a remote database alias with remote credentials set to OIDC credential forwarding when OIDC credential forwarding is not enabled.
[.tabbed-example]
=====
[.include-with-GQLSTATUS-code]
======
Command::
+
[source, cypher]
----
CREATE ALIAS `remote-neo4j` FOR DATABASE `neo4j` AT "neo4j+s://location:7687" OIDC CREDENTIAL FORWARDING
----

Returned GQLSTATUS code::
01N74

Returned status description::
warn: OIDC credential forwarding disabled.
Use the setting 'dbms.security.allow_oidc_credential_forwarding_enabled' to enable OIDC credential forwarding.

Suggestions for improvement::

> Enable OIDC credential forwarding through the `dbms.security.allow_oidc_credential_forwarding_enabled` setting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable OIDC credential forwarding through the `dbms.security.allow_oidc_credential_forwarding_enabled` setting to gain access to the remote database alias.
```

> Until enabled, the new remote database alias will fail all access attempts.

Reviewer: Maybe we should clarify that the alias was created successfully. Or maybe that is obvious already? 🤷
 
```suggestion
The remote database alias has been created successfully, however all attempts to access it will fail, unless the setting is enabled.
```
